U
It is Kim Jin-mok who has gone up to add
Recommended foods itjyo raneunge dominant something to eat something to eat something the semiconductor again
Drinking milk and doing something like this
It's like eating something like that on gold .
Recommended foods Buddha is a little bit different in the United States, Korea and each country.
different
It can now be handled by the environment or the ethnic constitution
However, the food composition of the United States
Places like eight times in Korea, I get a lot of preparation is the difference
So I 'm going to go to the ball.
The big doctors group called the society of the responsible pc of the pc ram
In there you can
Control the food composition
Let me give you an example immediately on the plate of this share capital by one of Apple events
Min caught ly 4 min Name
Soy Bean 06 Vegetable Fruit Beans So
Eat This new capital can be kkami so stressed for a long time
I came to see if I could be affected
In 2011, the Department of Agriculture announced that the food composition
Very similar to crm, saponin is cut
There is a minimum of sharing and is called protein protein instead of beans
Meat, fish, beans, and so on.
It's supposed to eat
There is what we want our milk and usually is in the essential nutrients we
I am missing you as an option
And that's why we have to drink water from the exhibition hall .
So, with the claims of pc a
Oh, very much like him insist on foreign mubo
Well 2010s balpyojang look at the announcement of our nutrition Korea architecture
Shared
Two- fifths are very much and then there is a minimum and work and then
Meatless Win
So beans , protein is put into the resurrection,
More specifically, and that is followed by an explicit
The oil is minimized and the next day the milk is now just doing otherwise
It's
There's something you've done, from there to another
Very low to high fat but nutrients that weigh so much
There is
So , the composition of the food announced in the United States,
I have a hard time .
Of course, because that is the only research experts implying jegakgak
Everything is child care
It is different but because he insisted on both the bars that wonak
I think that you should judge it by a good route once.
woo